# Terms of Use of the IOHK Incentivized Testnet

These Terms of Use (&quot;**Terms**&quot;) are made by and between the person accepting these Terms (&quot;**you**&quot;) and Input Output Hong Kong Ltd. (&quot;**we**&quot; or &quot;**us**&quot;), and are effective as of the date you accept them (whether via an online click-through or by using the IOHK Incentivized Testnet (as defined below) (the &quot;**Effective Date**&quot;).

1. IOHK is testing and making available to users under these Terms a test rewards and incentivization mechanism which is intended to mimic the rewards and incentivization mechanism to be included in the Shelley release (the &quot;**Incentivized Testnet**&quot;). You may participate in the Incentivized Testnet by following the Incentivized Testnet registration and setup process (&quot;**Setup Process**&quot;). Participation is not mandatory.

2. Participation in the Incentivized Testnet entitles you to earn ADA by running your own stake-pool or by participating in a third-party stake pool. The amount of ADA earned will depend on various factors including, but not limited to, user participation, stakepool profit margins and the number of ADA you stake (&quot;**Reward**&quot;). It is also possible that the actual reward could be zero, due to the above-mentioned factors. Rewards will be earned as of the start of a new epoch on the Cardano blockchain.

3. We will provide a rewards calculator which is designed to estimate the amount of Rewards you may earn on the Incentivized Testnet (&quot;**Rewards Calculator**&quot;). You understand that the Rewards Calculator is provided for illustrative purposes only and may not be accurate. Similarly, any information we share regarding stakepools, including performance metrics, will be for indicative purposes only and may not be relied upon. We do not promise that the Reward received will correspond to the amount indicated by the Rewards Calculator or by the stakepools.

4. You may only participate in the Incentivized Testnet if your ADA is in an updated Daedalus or an updated Yoroi wallet at the time of the Setup Process. When the Incentivized Testnet is discontinued, any Rewards earned can be transferred back to your Daedalus or Yoroi wallet.

5. You may provide suggestions, comments or ideas and report issues or problems related to your use of the Incentivized Testnet at any time by using any of the official Feedback channels.

6. The Incentivized Testnet is still undergoing beta testing and continues to be improved by feedback from the developer community, open-source contributors and beta-testers. Consequently, you acknowledge that the Incentivized Testnet may not operate properly and that it may contain errors, design flaws or other issues. Your use of the Incentivized Testnet remains at your risk and discretion. IOHK reserves the right to restart the Incentivised Testnet and reverse all or some Rewards in the case of errors and/or malicious behaviour in the system.

7. You are at all times responsible for safekeeping your passwords, PINs, private keys and recovery mnemonic phrases and for your selection of stakepools. If you lose access to your Daedalus or Yoroi wallet or private keys and have not separately stored a backup of such wallet or backup recovery mnemonic phrase(s) and corresponding password(s), you acknowledge and agree that any ADA or any other cryptocurrencies you have associated with that wallet will become permanently inaccessible and may not be retrieved.

8. In no event will IOHK or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, contractors or service providers, be liable to you or any third party for any use, interruption, delay or inability to use the Incentivized Testnet, lost rewards or profits, delays, interruption or loss of Service, business or goodwill, loss or corruption of data, loss of cryptocurrency or any other loss howsoever arising including from system or system service failure, malfunction or shutdown, failure to accurately transfer, read or transmit information, failure to update or provide correct information, system incompatibility or provision of incorrect compatibility information or breaches in system security, or for any consequential, incidental, direct, indirect, exemplary, special or punitive damages, whether arising out of or in connection with these Terms regardless of whether such damages were foreseeable and whether or not we were advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. As between us, we retain ownership of all of our brands, logos, and trademarks, including, but not limited to, Input Output HK Limited, IOHK and Daedalus, as well as variations of the wording of the aforementioned brands, logos, and trademarks.

10. Any changes to these Terms will be made available to you online and will also apply to your use of the Incentivized Testnet. For clarity, once we post updated Terms online, the online version of such Terms will supersede any prior versions provided to you. By continuing to access, test or use the Incentivized Testnet, you agree to be bound by the updated Terms.

11. The term of these Terms will begin on the Effective Date and will continue until we end the Incentivized Testnet. You understand and agree that we may change, withdraw, terminate your access to, testing of and/or use of, or discontinue the Incentivized Testnet (or any portion thereof) at any time and in our sole discretion. You may also end your participation in the Incentivized Testnet at any time and any Rewards gained up to that time will still be transferred to your Daedalus or Yoroi mainet wallet once the Incentivized Testnet is discontinued.
